okay and I'm sorry might be a little lag
in the gameplay and my voice is because
i'm using something called a server and
there's a lag and some has so some
reason it so anyway just eyewash I how
to do it carpet it's love-15 also it
says the one second guys don't have to
leave that nothing ok so what I'm using
right now is 27 goblins which you don't
really need it's just mainly archers
barbarians dragon if you don't have a
dragon it's okay you don't need one just
make more Giants I don't need more
because actually this is my normal army
to attack people so my decide the one i
hack someone's I didn't decide I'm gonna
make the video so I'm gonna use this and
I tax up or if you don't have a dragon
I'm gonna make one more how to attack
without a dragon I'm going to use our
chose instead and uh oh 20 Giants okay
so let's go ahead and I got him if you
want your clan castle troops which I'm
gonna do now so first and foremost send
one giant there another joint yeah I
really easy jack just make sure that
so I will defend Stuber this one right
here is taking out that's very important
if you don't have dragons I suggest you
use balloons follow the the next best
thing to dragons get under these guys
around a little bit and take that out
don't actually need wall breakers for
this i don't know why i am using them so
wanna garden does that one i meanwhile
time to let go to Center dragons is only
are going to make one but I don't need
Ragan's it's going to be coming soon I
just died rose dragon for this one I
always wait use myself even though I
don't need them let's go I have a
particular order of making my troops I
have set amount so i just face up all
winter so i don't know why i dried on
this one don't really need to but it's
that simple well thanks for watching
guys and I hope you enjoy and please
subscribe to my videos